[Music]
before we get started I wanted to say
this is not my typical upload this is
much more serious I wanted to test an
occurrence no too many in the world as
but I wanted to apply it in the
observational environment of a video
game that being of course rates
I mean runescape this is because many
aspects of tests regarding global
consciousness in the real world are back
behind studies of using electronic
random number generators trust this guy
I think he's a scientist this machine
does 200 flips per second and left
unattended it performs in a
statistically normal way
and over time it approximates a chance
mean of 100 but when an operator is
present wishing for the output to be
higher or lower the output deviates very
slightly from the chance expectation so
what does all of this mean well we're
going to be looking like spark Mac at
the duel arena by the end of this video
but to expand on this the idea of global
consciousness itself is saying that our
thoughts and our actions are what
dictates the world around us so today
we'll look into that but more
specifically on the game runescape we
could test this theory of mind over
matter with any game involving RNG not
just runescape so speaking of other
games well I'm going to guess you've all
heard of it but maybe you haven't played
it and I hadn't even myself till just
the other week this chick just got
straight-up beat but let me give you
some reasons you should definitely give
it a chance to start off one aspect I
love about raid is it's turn-based
combat style it reminds me if I were
playing Paper Mario back in the day but
if it were literally on roids I mean
just look at these insane attacks at
your disposal
each kid and guy the overall graphics
are something else you can see for
yourself how stylish some of these
champions are which I am able to choose
between as well as you can see although
this is traditionally a mobile game
you're now able to play this on your PC
and switch between devices at any time
if you go to the link in my description
as a new player you can get a free
100,000 silver and you can also get a
free epic champion I mean just look at
this guy he needs you to adopt him now
these rewards from the link below are
valid only for 30 days
okay back to like string theory and
quantum mechanics being used on
runescape bear with me basically takes
the idea behind quantum theory and
applies it at a macro level it's the
idea that what we observe is truth and
that truth is not what we observe
science has somewhat proven this at a
minimal level by looking at the double
slit experiment within quantum physics
this test basically proves that you can
observe how things are to be portrayed
at a molecular level based on how you
want to observe them so with the theory
this takes a larger mass killing of
observers to all believe or pray or hope
for a resulting action to happen
specifically when looking at actions
that are randomly generated a random
event generator powers the robot the aim
is to see if the sleeping unconscious
mind can influence the direction in
which it will give me that [__] money
it's assumed that if the robot comes too
near the sleeper we'll try and make it
go away the results old up I'm not a
billionaire quite yet I need to run some
initial tests before I go ahead and just
throw all my money into the duel arena
these experiments will be conducted by
using randomly generated results within
several categories of control so these
initial experiments I will perform on
runescape before the duel arena will be
put together on this very well formatted
Excel spreadsheet and for each of these
initial experiments I will have five
possible groups and I will monitor how
well our rng does under each of these
five groups so the different groups I'll
be monitoring throughout each experiment
would be that of first the average which
is just the average chance of performing
any of these tasks secondly it would be
unfocused thought and it would just be
me trying not to focus on what the task
at hand was next I would be doing
focused thought which is once again
myself but throughout this process I
will be focusing exactly on what I want
the outcome of R&G to be after this we
would pull out the big strats group
focus thought with group focus thought I
would take only my closest advisors and
fellow hoppers and thinkers
to the stage and therefore we would all
then focus on the task at hand to get as
much RNG as possible I would stream
privately in our discord to this group
and its panel of experts
see X
mastering in the manipulation of
serendipity
right
yeah I mean just right
there is one last group I will be
studying results from but we'll get into
that one later for now let's go ahead
and perform some tests
hypothesis our thoughts do control RNG
in our favor well because if I don't
believe our thoughts actually control
our actions and basically the whole
experiment will fail so I have to
believe in the hypothesis that this is
possible
business there's nine possible tiles I
can teleport to in varrock with this tap
so here I will pray to the rng gods to
hit that middle square every single time
average luck to perform this task would
result in an eleven point one percent
chance at hitting that middle square and
because I'm using such an extremely
large sample size on these tests the
results are sure to be correct but let's
see what truly happens when we put our
minds to the test
[Music]
and thinkers back-to-back
middle middle
and lastly our largest group for each of
these experiments stream focus thought
here I would take around 100 average
viewers and then put their thoughts to
the test to therefore increase our RNG
even more and as we all know a twitch
chat never wants you to lose or go
against your will in RNG twitch chat
always wants the best for the streamer
and therefore definitely won't skew any
results but just in case I'm going to
where the luckiest time in my possession
to possibly enhance the RNG from stream
chat this was an oversized jacket I was
given when I was 15 as a family heirloom
and apparently this has been passed down
for generations but let's just say it's
a little bit big on myself and well it's
made out of camel hair
thirty
right the back
[Music]
knocking doors
our odds went up incredibly especially
under our team of experts it means your
strength although the larger stream
focused thought was kind of going
against me and even though it still had
a higher than average outcome I
accredited this fall too many people
viewing in the stream were likely
wishing I had maybe not landed on the
middle tile or worse they weren't even
paying attention at all next we
performed the second experiment this
time it was with Christmas crackers
these have a 50% chance of giving you or
the person you use them on a reward and
this sample size was even larger making
this test extremely accurate this is
because my bank is worth about 1 mil at
this moment thank you for the donations
by the way
actually sucks as you can see once again
global consciousness proves correct
you can't even argue with straight facts
I mean look at this RNG in my inventory
[Music]
thanks twitch chat
next I wanted to test iron bars so I
enlarged this huge image of iron bars in
my inventory on my screen to help people
focus in on that the average chance no
matter your level to smith an iron bar
from an iron ore is exactly 50% in this
game
well that is according to how normal
people think but remember this is
this fiber bars next fight about us bar
one
by
unfortunately this study wasn't as
accurate one of the members of our panel
of experts though really throughout the
vibe in both of these group studies for
the iron bars that is because they were
too distracted and not using their
galaxy sized brains to help us make more
iron bars someone had taken away his
discord roles in our discord chat I was
streaming too and these imaginary roles
obviously meant everything to him
she's just wearing a fortune so you just
make all of them monitor
I better get one I was gonna say that
before
so now we just have one last test of RNG
before we can make it big at the duel
arena no move flowers
so the average chance of getting a
yellow flower from a mythril seed is
fourteen point six five percent and of
course to help us get some better rng
we're going to summon the demon of Volda
sad come on yep there we go yellow
yellow yellow do it again do it another
one
so this
[Music]
so everything is looking spectacular in
these tests besides the iron bar tests
which was flawed anyways that means
we're going to take this to the duel
arena
[Music]
but before testing my newly found luck
at the duel arena I did have to do one
quick thing I was going to go ahead and
grab a win on this account and then crop
the image of that win to show everyone
that I'm the winner and put it on my
screen this was to help us hone in on
the next victory at hand
do you believe you do you really believe
that
was this guy's scamming me and I can't
tell him - [__] hilarious let's see
on the black
twenty fives on the guy in Philly
[Music]
22:25
well that four five mil I'm probably
gonna get kicked out of my [__] house
now five mode let's go twenty fives on
the gray-haired man twenty five
I'm really [__] sick guys I'm sorry
suddenly I got something wrong on my
head come on boys
20 males in chat we need to get this we
need to get this for our own hopes and
dreams we're [__] slander this man's
name please destroy his reputation with
your book will destroy this man's
reputation with your minds please
slander his name let's go
let's do a 25 on the guy with white hair
let's go whoa Hajus ness
[Music]
at this point we were doing pretty well
but I wanted to test some theory that
was even more out of bounds here
apparently there is something called by
gnarled beats and isochronic tones and
well the range of what these things
apparently do in a subliminal way are
very vast there are some channels out
there that say you can even listen to
these beats to give yourself x-ray
vision or to just cure cancer but all I
want to do is find one today that will
guarantee me a win at the duel arena and
of course there was one
[Music]
what's the amount described is like
going insane hits
imagine rid of the stake with like no
rules let's do this place twenty five
twenty fives on grain man oh [__] we're
boxing I guess we are dude I'm [__]
drunk as [__] dude Cary's we're gonna
botch this we're gonna buck this guy's
with 11 let's go let's go dude let's do
it let's do it let's do it 11
[Music]
you
[__] Belton's play party
[Music]
is this
look daddy's got the plate buddy off his
[__] bragger ass piece of [__] scam
me ass piece of [__] look at him look at
this oh gee dice bro
he can't even [__] stick man he's he
should get [__] [__] in the [__]
like he is doing he's a piece of [__]
[__] her Iger look at his inventory
Randy I came to see straight into work I
can't even see straight is look good I
think tell me where does it look good I
can't see or not bro I'm [__] blind
nah that's plan take it one more one
more brother I'm sorry brother
we still love you I'm gonna have to quit
[Music]
so what all did we learn today first I
could have been like Bill Gates if I
just stuck with the global consciousness
theory second by neural beats are bad
and make you go insane third Bud Light
is amazing and forth well make sure you
subscribe to rendi I hope you all have a
wonderful week
[Music]